hi everybody Don Carr here with the
Martin d100 deluxe the d100 deluxe
celebrates Martin's one millionth guitar
so this is a highly collectible guitar
is actually only 50 of them made and I'm
sitting here with number 47 right now
Martin really went all out with the D
100 deluxe as you can see it's tricked
out in every detail so the top is
Adirondack spruce and they're scalloped
x-bracing underneath but obviously the
thing that catches your eye more than
anything is the amazing intricate inlay
work they've done on this guitar the
binding is super intricate as well as
the rosette you can see there's even
inlay on the ebony bridge and on the
fossilized ivory bridge pins as well as
the pick guard and the inlay continues
down the ebony fingerboard all the way
onto the headstock just non-stop just
absolutely gorgeous these gorgeous gold
Waverly tuners are even hand engraved
you can see even on the Butterbean knobs
there's engraving got a mahogany neck
and Brazilian rosewood back in sides
which is the classic tone cocktail but
check out the inlay on the back of this
guitar is that absolutely gorgeous or
what in total on the d100 deluxe there
are over a thousand pieces of inlay and
it takes six months to handcraft each
guitar each d100 deluxe is also hand
signed by CF Martin you can see it
inside the sound hole here and they also
come with a frame certificate of
authenticity so there's a quick look at
the highly collective commemorative d100
deluxe from martin if you have any
questions about this or any other martin
product please contact your Sweetwater
sales engineer or check us out online at
Sweetwater comm thanks
you